In this lecture, I will discuss about the task definition.
In the previous lecture also we had got an idea about the task.
But in this lecture we'll understand task in detail.
So let me click on task definitions.
And this time I'm going to create a new task definition.
So basically task definition specify the container information for your application, such as how many
containers are the part of your task, what resources they will use, how they are linked together,
and which host ports they will use.
So let me create a new task.
And once we'll have the task, I will add the task to my cluster.
Fargate cluster.
So here we have 3 options.
So let me go with the Fargate only and click next.
Task definition name I'm giving Fargate task demo new one.
So the next is task role.
So here you will see that one role is already created by your system.
So you can choose this one and optional IAM role that task can use to make API request to authorized
AWS services.
Here the task is AWS service and this task wants to communicate with AWS ECR.
So it needs some role, some policies, some privileges.
So that's why we are creating this task.
No worries.
Once I will be completing this task, you can understand what is the meaning of this task role.
And here we have chosen the Fargate.
So that's why you will have only this AWS VPC network mode and that is going to be managed by the AWS and
what operating system I will go with the Linux only and task execution IAM role.
So here you can see the same role which I have mentioned above and the task size.
So here you can choose the size.
So I'm taking .5 GB and the CPU, I'm choosing this one.
So basically you are going to create a container in the task.
So how much size, how much resources you want to allocate to your container.
So this is what you can define here and then you have an option for add container.
So let me click on this container and here you have to define the container.
So you container will be basically your Docker image where you have the Docker image.
In simple words, we can say that your application team, they have developed some application and once
they have developed the application, they have just created a Docker image of your application.
Now you want to execute your Docker image as a container.
So the next is container name.
So in the container name you can give any name.
Suppose I'm developing nginx.
So you can give any name according to your requirement.
Now the next is image.
So where is your image?
Suppose your image is in Docker Hub and you have to provide the link here.
Suppose your image is in AWS ECR.
So ECR is a repository where you can copy your image.
So here you have to mention the image path and then you can add this container to this task.
And then once the container has been added to the task, you can execute your task.
So here we do not have any image for that.
I have to create one image.
So friends that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I will show you how we can upload your image to the AWS ECR.
First, I'm going to create one application, and then I'm going to create a Docker image of that application.
And then finally I'm going to push that Docker image to the AWS ECR.
And once I will be uploading there, I will have the URL and the same URL I'm going to paste here.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.